Add content: Go testing your apps (#1724)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/109-golang/content/108-go-testing-your-apps.md

> # Go testing your apps
> 
> Go has a built-in testing command that we can use to test our program.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://go.dev/doc/tutorial/add-a-test'>Official Go Tutorial: Add a test</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://gobyexample.com/testing'>Go by Example: Testing</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://yourbasic.org/golang/table-driven-unit-test/'>YourBasic Go: Table-driven unit tests</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Testing Go Code

Go has a built-in testing command that we can use to test our program.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://go.dev/doc/tutorial/add-a-test'>Official Go Tutorial: Add a test</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://gobyexample.com/testing'>Go by Example: Testing</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://yourbasic.org/golang/table-driven-unit-test/'>YourBasic Go: Table-driven unit tests</BadgeLink>
```
